docs: mention OpenShift certified operator by EDB (#5724)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/supported_releases.md

The list of supported Kubernetes versions in the table depends on what
the CloudNativePG maintainers think is reasonable to support and to test.

Currently, the CloudNativePG community does not officially support or test any

> Kubernetes distributions beyond the default, such as Red Hat OpenShift. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes distributions beyond the vanilla one, such as Red Hat OpenShift. This
```
